Hello President Wang
What hello hello
Oops, grandma is not good.
The president of the bank just called
He said that our family's loan qualification
Something went wrong.
That 30 billion loan is not approved?
This bank loan can't be made
Our previous projects are all over
The third brother blames your son-in-law who is full of nonsense
This time I offended the Chu family
What do you say?
boss
He can't be blamed for this alone, can he?
At least he cured the old gentleman's leg
he
Are these legs as important as the Ye family's life?
Our Ye family was endured by the leadership of Xiaojun
precarious
What do you think this should do?
Mom
We will go to Xiao Junlin now to find a solution.
He can't think of a way for me.
Let him go to the Chu family to kowtow and apologize
Then hurry up.
What are your orders?
The two ceremonies
The prepared combination went well
It will be held in three days.
As long as the ceremony is over
The name Marquis of King's Landing will be completely problematic
Become history
By the way, I have a favor to ask you.
Said I was at Ye's house just now
There is an old gentleman from Zhenbei who has been causing trouble for me
Can you please help me get rid of him?
trivial matter
It's just that before the appearance ceremony, I will not change the dragon girl
I sent a master to live
Thank you, Mr. Qi
Xiao Jun dares to provoke me
Your time has come to die